Add costmap update timeout (#662)
ros-navigation/docs.nav2.org: configuration/packages/configuring-controller-server.rst

  Description
    Frequency to run controller (Hz).

:costmap_update_timeout:

  ============== ========
  Type           Default
  -------------- --------
  double         0.3
  ============== ========

  Description

>     The timeout value (seconds) for the costmap to update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The timeout value (seconds) for the costmap to be fully updated before a control effort can be computed.
```
